Entry one


    Here we are. Six hours ago, the GVD Apep entered the Gamma Draconis system, just as the Aquitaine and her battlegroup were moving back to the civil war front. Soon after our arrival in system, the Apep warped to the subspace portal to assist the Carthage and Dashor. As soon as the Shivans had been driven away, a small fleet of science vessels warped in to continue their study of the portal. I noticed none of these science cruisers was Vasudan. Our wing was send on guard duty, but no Shivan warship attempted to run our blockade.

    I know there still are Shivan warships in system, and I think Command wants us to take care of them before venturing back into the nebula beyond the portal. I will be fighting Shivans soon enough, I guess. I don't know wether I feel excited or worried. Or both. The Shivans destroyed our homeworld 32 years ago. I could barely walk back then, but I still remember the beams from the Lucifer hitting the ground as our shuttle was leaving the surface. I don't remember much what happened before or afterward, but that image has been carved on my mind like words on a stone. I'll remember it until I die of old age. IF I die of old age.

    I am not as confident as, well, almost everyone else, in our supposedly superior technology. According to the information the higher ups gave us, Shivan warships are now equipped with the same kind of next-gen armament as our ships. What happens when the Shivans throw something unexpected at us ? I think we could handle another Lucifer, but what if they deployed something worse ?

    In any case, I will try to update this diary whenever something important happens on the front, and send a backup back home, just in case. I am unsure why I am doing this. I never felt the need to write anything down about the war before. I guess it has something to do with the Shivans. And that image of my burned down homeworld that keeps popping up in my dreams every now and then ...

    Well, I guess we'll see.