    Another Shivan destroyer just blew up one of our cruisers, same class as the one 3rd Fleet just blew up. I don't like it. The official designation for this type of vessel is "Ravana Hunter-Killer Destroyer". It is as bad as it sounds: a capital ship specifically designed to engage and destroy capital ships of equal or superior size without external support. The Alliance doesn't have anything that classifies as "Hunter-Killer", as the concept of an overspecialised warship was deemed "impractical and wasteful". As a Terran friend said today: "It looks like the Shivans didn't get the memo".

    The Shivans don't care about ressources. They will throw waves after waves of fighters and bombers against a target, overwhelm the escort and point defence through sheer numbers. They don't try to capture ressource-rich planets, planetoids or asteroid fields. They just make sure they control the jump nodes and that their supply depots are well covered. Supplies which comes from gods knows where.

    Sorry about all the work talk, but I thought it was important that you knew how things were going out there on the front line. How we pilots felt. Oh, by the way, Joho'Ero'Zaav is dead. The Shivans attacked the Apep and tossed a torpedo that pierced into one of the starboard armory, killing Joho and 15 other crewmembers. He was interested in visiting Ehgel and meeting the family. Well I still fare better than my brothers, if what you told me last week is true. Tell Aares not to worry too much about it, that's what Terrans do and it doesn't seem to be very good for moral.

    In other new, I'm due to a promotion next week. My excellent performance in the cockpit already earned me the status of ace, and now I get the chance to prove myself as wing leader. Lt Commander Ebili, my squadron leader, believes that my "quick-thinking capability and tactial sense should be put to good use". Coming from him, that's quite a compliment.

    Long story short, lots of bad stuff happens, but a bit of light here and there make up for it. "In each sadness its light" (or there is light? I never could remember these stupid sayings anyway). Now for the questions: I heared mom planned on opening her own mining operation soon. If you need financial help, do tell me. I'm starting to pile up quite a large amount of credits, I might as well put them to good use. Also, I've heard that the NTF raid in Vasuda did quite a lot of damage, do you know if Ezi is alright? I'd hate to lose another family member to the Terran fanatics. I'd much rather be fighting the NTF than Shivans. We all are actually, every pilot and crewmember. Last question: when exactly does my dear brother plan to ask for a tranfer aboard the Memphis? He has been waiting for way too long in my opinion. He should live up to his ambitions.

    In anycase, I will see you all in three months tops.


        -Letter from Lieutenant Junior Grade E.F.L.Aplu, Efiliihe Squadron, GVD Apep, to her family in Ehgel Space Colony, Antares system. Since Ms Aplu's letter contained classified information when it was written, its delivery was delayed until details regarding the Shivan incursion were declassified. Lt Junior Grade Aplu was killed in action two days prior to her promotion while engaging the SC Hellknight and her escort.