Entry one


    Here we are. Six hours ago, the GVD Apep entered the Gamma Draconis system, just as the Aquitaine and her battlegroup were moving back to the civil war front. Soon after our arrival in system, the Apep warped to the subspace portal to assist the Carthage and Dashor. As soon as the Shivans had been driven away, a small fleet of science vessels warped in to continue their study of the portal. I noticed none of these science cruisers was Vasudan. Our wing was send on guard duty, but no Shivan warship attempted to run our blockade.

    I know there still are Shivan warships in system, and I think Command wants us to take care of them before venturing back into the nebula beyond the portal. I will be fighting Shivans soon enough, I guess. I don't know whether to feel excited, worried, or both. The Shivans destroyed our homeworld 32 years ago. I could barely walk back then, but I still remember the beams from the Lucifer hitting the ground as our shuttle was leaving the surface. I don't remember much what happened before or afterward, but that image has been carved on my mind like words on a stone. I'll remember it until I die of old age. IF I die of old age.

    I am not as confident as, well, almost everyone else, in our supposedly superior technology. According to the information the higher ups gave us, Shivan warships are now equipped with the same kind of next-gen armament as our ships. What happens when the Shivans throw something new at us? I think we could handle another Lucifer, but what if they deployed something worse?

    In any case, I will try to update this diary whenever something important happens on the front, and send a backup back home, just in case. I am unsure as to why I am doing this. I have never felt the need to write anything down about the war before, so why start now? Is it the Shivans, the discovery of the subspace portal, or something else? I've had dreams about Vasuda Prime recently. Visions of my old playground, my family's house or Mount Serene catching fire, me fleeing through subspace somehow, and ending up either in orbit around what I think is Earth, burning as well, or aboard Simura Station, falling through endless corridors. You'd think that these would have gone away after 30 years...

	My parents used to say that the ability to ignore trauma in times of tragedy and need was something shared by most, if not all Vasudan cultures.

    Well, I guess we'll see.
